# 12/05/24
Now, what this is is an idea for a game I've apparently had written down for a long time ... maybe months. I don't know what my reason is for not diving into it sooner. Maybe I just didn't believe in this idea enough, maybe it just wasn't a top interest or priority for something to make in the time to follow. Whatever the reason, I just haven't done it yet. But you can be sure that as I am writing this entry in right now, I have plans to try and make this idea a reality. As I'm typing all of this I literally do not know exactly HOW I'm going to make this work, or how much it's going to work for me to start out. There's just no way to know that. But I'll try some things and then some others and see where I end up. That's sort of the way all of these games go. To be honest, I already sort of forget the premise of this game. I feel like I could understand it if I kept reading it over and over again but right now I suppose I haven't done that a whole lot. But I do have something written down about how this game would work from some time ago. The real thing I wonder about is when I relay all of this information to Q, if it would be able to take that and give me suggestions for a working game. I just hope the premise of the game makes sense to Q, and is something Q can look at and utilize. That would mean the world to me if it could, because Q has the opportunity to help ME understand the game more. If it is shown exactly how it was written, that would help me out a ton and I'd be very content. Now, I may just copy and paste what I had written down before for Q to recieve, or I may add more details if I think Q would need them. Of course, that would require me to gain some understanding of how this game works, but I've realized something. You see, when I am about to send a prompt to Q, I always re-read it to make sure it sounds precise enough for Q to understand. So I'll be doing a lot of reading by then and will probably start to understand my own game idea. Then I may write some more things down for Q's interest (and my own). That could work. Or maybe it won't work that way at all. The opposite scenario can still take place, I'm not doubting that. But I guess I won't know until I do the task.

# 12/06/24
So this has been going very well for me. Q has done a really good job at getting all the work done that I've assigned it for this game. Now if I'm being honest, I don't actually know if the point of this game is all the way similar to the idea of the game I had when I wrote it down, but I decided once the very first version of the game was generated for me to just kinda go with it and see how THAT game could be made better. So far, I've thought of a lot of ways to make this particular game more "playable", and the best part about that is that Q is very good at understanding my needs and making them happen with no true issues. The only time I had thought I ran into one, it turns out I just forgot to hit refresh on my browser. So really, things have been going pretty smoothly. Now of course, there are still a ton of ways I know I could make this thing even better, even more interesting and exciting for players. Some may only take a single prompt like I've been doing it so far, some may take a lot of integration from other things ... but either way, I'd love to continue to take this to higher levels. Like maybe it shouldn't be so easy to just write whatever you want in the text input and "cheat" per se, but I've not figured out a way for the game to detect whether or not someone is. That could be something I look into. Be that as it may, this game is coming along well and the mechanics are working out for me just well enough. I'm rather pleased, yet still eager to see where else this thing goes.